This repository contains the development documentation for The Gaming Room's multi-platform gaming web-application. They set out a number of initial requirements such as the need to create a web based software to support a gaming application which could run on multiple platforms and support a growing player base. Over the course of this project, I believe I was most effective in my documentation and intrerpretation of the design constraints of the envisioned program. This helped me in the coding sections when I was unsure of my ability because I knew what I was trying to accomplish and was able to use various learning resources to complete the software objectives. While I worked through these challenges, the documentation was extremely valuable. It served as a form of roadmap and a tool that I could use to both track progress and record my efforts. Having a unified location in which to put this information and refer to later was a great benefit to the efficiency of the overall development process. Though I was satisfied with the documentation I completed, I would probably revise the spec descriptions of the different opperating systems. Despite having outlined key elements of the different OS's available to the client, I feel an even more in depth break down of the available options would have been beneficial to both the client and development team. 
The most important aspects of the clients vision to implament in the final product were the ability to deploy to multiple platforms from mobile to desktop and the need to support a growing customer base. As I began developent, considering the underlying OS was a major component as it would be the key to fascilitating multi-platform deployment. The next aspect to consider was storage and memory allocation and how in what format the storage would be maintained. Input validation and verification were also important in order to manage the workload on servers as well as to maintain a validated list of user input data such as player and team names.
